Long is my night ♪ its burden, too heavy ♪
Worn down, yet with my Lord, no despair ♪
Flaws weigh on my soul ♪ sins chain my heart ♪
Return, O soul ♪ repent from the wandering ♪
You call, "O My servants," yet I remain stubborn ♪
Lost in every valley ♪ drifting left and right ♪
The world kept me waiting ♪ my sin was my choice ♪
Will apologies save me, or deeds destroy me?
Long is my night ♪ its burden, too heavy ♪
It takes its toll, yet with my Lord, no despair ♪
Flaws weigh on my soul ♪ sins chain my heart ♪
Return, O soul ♪ from the loss and falling ♪
Can tears wash it away? Time to return, my Lord ♪
Regret fills me ♪ accept my reach ♪
Returning to my Light ♪ pure devotion to my Lord ♪
Long is my night ♪ its burden, too heavy ♪
Worn down, yet with my Lord, no despair ♪
Flaws weigh on my soul ♪ sins chain my heart ♪
Return, O soul ♪ repent from the loss ♪
Long is my night ♪ its burden, too heavy ♪
Worn down, yet with my Lord, no despair ♪